Create `Build retention` page. Update `Build export` page (#2062)
buildkite/docs: pages/pipelines/build_exports.md

If you don't configure an S3 bucket, Buildkite stores the build data for 18 months in case you need it. You cannot access this build data through the API or Buildkite dashboard, but you can request the data by contacting support.

## How it works

Builds older than the build retention limit are automatically exported as JSON to the S3 bucket you have configured. If you haven't configured a bucket for build export, Buildkite stores that build data as JSON in our own S3 bucket for a further 18 months in case you need it. The following diagram outlines this process.

<%= image "build-exports-flow-chart.png", alt: "Simplified flow chart of the build exports process" %>

Buildkite exports each build as multiple gzipped JSON files, which include the following data:

```
buildkite/build-exports/org={UUID}/date={YYYY-MM-DD}/pipeline={UUID}/build={UUID}/
├── annotations.json.gz
├── artifacts.json.gz
├── build.json.gz
├── step-uploads.json.gz
└── jobs/
    ├── job-{UUID}.json.gz
    └── job-{UUID}.log
```

> The files are stored in the following formats:

Reviewer: This isn't rendering correctly because there's a blank line missing here:

```suggestion
The files are stored in the following formats:

```

![Screenshot 2023-04-27 at 5 29 30 pm](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/119824349/234791120-62850245-fcdc-42e3-8ada-5eb413df6f11.png)

* [Annotations](https://buildkite.com/docs/apis/rest-api/annotations#list-annotations-for-a-build)
* [Artifacts](https://buildkite.com/docs/apis/rest-api/artifacts#list-artifacts-for-a-build)
* [Builds](https://buildkite.com/docs/apis/rest-api/builds#get-a-build) (but without `jobs`, as they are stored in separate files)
* Jobs (as would be embedded in a [Build via the REST API](https://buildkite.com/docs/apis/rest-api/builds#get-a-build))

## Configure build exports

> 

Reviewer: Let's add a sentence here to avoid having the two headings up against each other. Perhaps:

```suggestion

To configure build exports for your organization, you'll need to prepare an S3 bucket before enabling exports in the Buildkite dashboard.

```

# Build exports

> 📘 Enterprise feature
> Build exports is only available on an [Enterprise](https://buildkite.com/pricing) plan, which has a [build retention](/docs/pipelines/build-retention) period of 12 months.

> If you need to retain build data beyond the [retention period](/docs/pipelines/build-retention) in your [Buildkite plan](https://buildkite.com/pricing), you can use the build exports feature.
> 
> Build exports enables you to configure your own S3 bucket for Buildkite to export your build data to.

Reviewer: I'm unsure about referring to everything as a named feature, so let's avoid that here. I think we can also combine these two sentences:

```suggestion
If you need to retain build data beyond the [retention period](/docs/pipelines/build-retention) in your [Buildkite plan](https://buildkite.com/pricing), you can export the data to your own [Amazon S3 bucket](https://aws.amazon.com/s3/).
```

Note, I also referred to the full Amazon name and linked to it since this is the first mention.

> If you do not configure an S3 bucket, the exported build data will be stored for 18 months by Buildkite in case you need it. You cannot access this build data using the Buildkite UI or API, but you can request them from us by contacting support.

Reviewer: Style:

```suggestion
If you don't configure an S3 bucket, Buildkite stores the build data for 18 months in case you need it. You cannot access this build data through the API or Buildkite dashboard, but you can request the data by contacting support.
```

> ## How it works

Reviewer: Include a blank line between headings and paragraphs:

```suggestion
## How it works

```

> Builds older than the build retention limit will be automatically exported as JSON to the S3 bucket you have configured. If you haven't configured a build export bucket, Buildkite will store that build data as JSON in our own S3 bucket for a further 18 months in case you need it.

Reviewer: A few small style nitpicks + adding a lead-in sentence for the diagram.

```suggestion
Builds older than the build retention limit are automatically exported as JSON to the S3 bucket you have configured. If you haven't configured a bucket for build export, Buildkite stores that build data as JSON in our own S3 bucket for a further 18 months in case you need it. The following diagram outlines this process.
```

> <%= image "build-exports-flow-chart.png", alt: "Simplified flow chart of the build exports process" %>

Reviewer: The diagram says that Buildkite stores data fro 12 months if I don't have a bucket configured, but the text says 18 months. Which is right?

Reviewer 2: Good catch. I'll clear this up

Reviewer 2: when the builds are exported (and if they have not provided us a bucket) we store their build data for another 18 months. I corrected the diagram :D

> You are able to configure you own S3 bucket in the UI. See [Enabling build exports](#enabling-build-exports) below.
> 

Reviewer: I don't think this is necessary since the page it pretty simple.

```suggestion
```

> Buildkite exports each build as multiple gzipped JSON files which include the following data:

Reviewer: Missing comma:

```suggestion
Buildkite exports each build as multiple gzipped JSON files, which include the following data:
```

```

> buildkite/build-exports/org={UUID}/date={YYYY-MM-DD}/pipeline={UUID}/build={UUID}/
>     annotations.json.gz
>     artifacts.json.gz
>     build.json.gz
>     step-uploads.json.gz
>     jobs/
>         job-{UUID}.json.gz
>         job-{UUID}.log

Reviewer: Thoughts on using some more visual cues for the file structure?

```suggestion
buildkite/build-exports/org={UUID}/date={YYYY-MM-DD}/pipeline={UUID}/build={UUID}/
├── annotations.json.gz
├── artifacts.json.gz
├── build.json.gz
├── step-uploads.json.gz
└── jobs/
    ├── job-{UUID}.json.gz
    └── job-{UUID}.log
```

Made with https://ascii-tree-generator.com/

```

> The files will be stored in the following formats: [Annotations](https://buildkite.com/docs/apis/rest-api/annotations#list-annotations-for-a-build), [Artifacts](https://buildkite.com/docs/apis/rest-api/artifacts#list-artifacts-for-a-build), [Builds](https://buildkite.com/docs/apis/rest-api/builds#get-a-build) (but without `jobs` as they are stored in separate files), and Jobs (as would be embedded in a [Build via the REST API](https://buildkite.com/docs/apis/rest-api/builds#get-a-build)).

Reviewer: I find this sentence quite hard to parse. How about using a bulleted list instead?

```suggestion
The files are stored in the following formats: 

* [Annotations](https://buildkite.com/docs/apis/rest-api/annotations#list-annotations-for-a-build)
* [Artifacts](https://buildkite.com/docs/apis/rest-api/artifacts#list-artifacts-for-a-build)
* [Builds](https://buildkite.com/docs/apis/rest-api/builds#get-a-build) (but without `jobs`, as they are stored in separate files)
* Jobs (as would be embedded in a [Build via the REST API](https://buildkite.com/docs/apis/rest-api/builds#get-a-build))
```

Reviewer: Actually, we've talked about the file format as JSON and gzip already. This part is about the file contents, right? Maybe:

```suggestion
The file contents match the following objects:

* [Annotations](https://buildkite.com/docs/apis/rest-api/annotations#list-annotations-for-a-build)
* [Artifacts](https://buildkite.com/docs/apis/rest-api/artifacts#list-artifacts-for-a-build)
* [Builds](https://buildkite.com/docs/apis/rest-api/builds#get-a-build) (but without `jobs`, as they are stored in separate files)
* Jobs (as would be embedded in a [Build via the REST API](https://buildkite.com/docs/apis/rest-api/builds#get-a-build))
```

> ## Preparing your S3 bucket

Reviewer: I don't remember this section going in. Maybe I missed a PR 🤔

Should this be part of enabling build exports?

Thinking something like:

```
## Configure build exports

### Prepare your S3 bucket

### Enable build exports
```

Reviewer 2: Have formatted it as you suggested :)

# Build exports

Each [Buildkite plan](https://buildkite.com/pricing) has a maximum build retention

> period. Once your builds reach the retention period, they will be removed from Buildkite.

Reviewer 2: done

> 📘 Enterprise feature
> Build exports is only available on an [Enterprise](https://buildkite.com/pricing) plan, which has a build retention period of 12 months.

> If you need to retain build data beyond the retention period in your [Buildkite plan](https://buildkite.com/pricing), you can use the build exports feature.

Reviewer 2: done :D

Build exports enables you to configure your own S3 bucket for Buildkite to export your build data to.

If you do not configure an S3 bucket, the exported build data will continue to be stored automatically by Buildkite. You can not access this build data using the Buildkite UI or API, but you can request them from us at any time. Buildkite will store this build data for 12 months before deleting.

## How it works
Builds older than the build retention limit will be automatically exported (in JSON format) to either the S3 bucket you have provided, or Buildkite will continue to store that build data (in JSON format) for a further 12 months before deletion.

<%= image "build-exports-flow-chart.png", alt: "Simplified flow chart of the build exports process" %>

You are able to configure you own S3 bucket in the UI. See [Enabling build exports](#enabling-build-exports) below.

> Buildkite stores your build data as multiple JSON files which include the following data:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Buildkite exports each build as multiple gzipped JSON files which include the following data:
```
